all right cool
hi Ron so this is the Jays core dev team
weekly sing and not the Jays activist
only today is the first call of q3 we
went through another quarter with a lot
of great successes a lot of things done
a lot of things to celebrate and we are
now getting ready for this quarter by
working on their cars Oh like a little
Jenny Claire as usual we just like go
through the normal rhythm like a regular
updates from everyone on what was done
and blocked or what is planned for next
week
the only kept as you said I have a
couple of remarks to treat for everyone
and one of them is really related with
location of this song so I moved it so
ipfs slash p.m. and if you read the
description of the issue and and if you
find our key and a scholar you probably
already read it just make sure we are
all in the same page now we have
officially three teams meeting here they
like the jessica's just like people
appear and just filled it so there's
like people that will focus only in one
of these projects and not all the same
time this is to basically increase like
knowledge transfer to make sure that
people are really engaged with one of
the projects like dedicate enough time
to or the the required time to each
other projects and just overall to
support in growth the project has been
growing they need have been growing and
it's just like makes more sense also
related is the fact that I quickly to
peer spinning of influence on projects
and so it really helps to have a team
dedicated there and yeah as I said like
first day of q3 which means we are
defining or trying to freeze they okay
are just as possible I pushed some
updates there but I'll leave those a
to my update so far so good
basim accessible under the car moves
from voices did you check it at any
question with regards that
so okay I see some heads nodding let's
go to the app let's go outside first we
just got to buy the order that is on the
crib pad basically my focus has been I
really just on preparation of that
meeting is next week and cute too okay I
review swash q3 prep by the way I almost
forgot because we always start these
meetings superfast
does anyone volunteer to be the
note-taker
with someone like the one here to take
some notes for especially the questions
or Agrotech though see Thank You Jacob
cool so yeah i was a-sayin like a lot of
work on the ok arts part we now have
with my dinners for all the modules
really happy about that like there is
people that can review up yours
check the issues and also merge and
publish to NPM
I've been doing some review of the JSF
people to buy a web page so it's the
project web page doing for everyone or
like what justice is and what it gets
used for I plan to do like a very troll
review this week so that we can ship it
during this month essentially and yeah
overall just the usual a lot of peer
reviews and merges I believe I'm not
blocking anyone or at least I've been
trying to check every issue as fast as
possible to not have anyone blocked let
me know if that is not the case any
questions for me
sounds good okay everyone is pleased
Allen sure shared an update with us
today but he's not coming you can see is
a bit here it's a waterfall of stuff you
can ask questions synchronously I'll
skip just like reading it out well
because it's very well written here and
it points to the right issues and peers
what's your next Jacob would you like to
share your bed with us yeah so last week
we worked on getting the new lid p2p
configs updates done I think those just
got merged into JSF AFS today by Ellen
so those are out also updated web RTC
they finally fix the issue with node 10
so I've updated that in Lib p2p as well
as some stability tests so we can use
get passing builds on no 10 again yeah
and then I've got a few private
networking pull requests out for review
and pending those I will also create a
few more for Jas ipfs and Jas ipfs repo
mm-hm and then last week also did a lot
of key to retrospective and key three
okie our stuff and blocked on the
private network PR itself I saw David
approve that hopefully we can get some
feedback from um kabuki on that and then
this week be working on finalizing okay
hours for lab PDP for q3 working on
merging all day getting all the private
networking stuff merged in looking into
some flaky tests that were happening
with Jas ipfs I'll probably continue to
work on the pull reader issues with
corrupted streams and then I'll also be
prepping for a little peak connection
flow presentation next week and I will
probably try to create some
documentation readme documentation for
that as well to put Anila PDP repo or
somewhere pertinent all right lots of
cool stuff just a couple notes from me
one like since you are looking into
WebRTC in node.js and in the past
will RTC module would segfault very
quickly and so people would just like to
fall not to use it it was good for demos
but not anything else however now there
is a project that I actually uses it to
stream video and it works pretty well so
while you are testing the latest of RTC
module together that's fast if you can
do some kind of like stress tests just
to make sure our kit is kind of like
like reliable or at least it doesn't
just completely seg faults would be
super useful because I know that it's a
lot of people in the community they want
to be back at using it the other node is
like the flaky test on just because then
I believe you mentioned is the DHT one
by trying to dial to itself and so
basically Jessica vestige is like
chewing and ever saying like you cannot
tell to yourself because you discovered
yourself I saw that like it was very
hard to replicate evil on CI and I
believe the reason why it was happening
on CI is because like CI shares their
network like shares the house and so
there might be some tests that is using
like a already generated PID and that's
why it sees itself i styling to itself
because it's styling to the other test
roller and not so so yeah that might be
a hard one to to reproduce and really
the back even that it happens like one
out of them in CI just have that in mind
that for debugging my the reason might
be just a way to test are super cool and
no more question for me yeah do people
ask any other questions for Jacob sounds
good cool alright that's gonna Expo ker
[Music]
right so I work on the graph sing stuff
and I thought I have this camera back
but I was just too stupid to use post
beams correctly
this took a while and then yeah
stole more graphs and stuff kind of
writing down things like all I want to
like do it so basically it's the
also preparation for for Berlin
basically so we can have proper in-depth
discussion about in them and then I
could get a lot of implementations of
the I cloudy format changes from Richard
Schneider which is great and I basically
reviewing them and like that super busy
but it's good to see those and I review
those um and next we probably there will
be more changes and yeah of course a
crafting stuff I'm a bit blocked on the
IPL de theorem staff because kumaras
isn't really responding the solution is
probably that I will make a pro request
that the lead maintainer ship gets moves
from him over to myself and if he is
improving it that should be fine because
I'm basically I probably think he agrees
that he just doesn't have a time
currently so there's no point of having
him being yeah it's the case where it
has been in even more than four weeks or
even more without a response right and
you tried by email and by meetup issues
and IRC and no response so far yeah well
it's been like so the emails no week or
something so I'm still like I'm like
it's it's 2d finals so I so it's under
control okay I will figure it out guys
yeah yeah like again as a tech lead on
the project like you always have the
full picture and like you feel like if
there is an urgent like bug fix whatever
you should feel comfortable at just
moving things forward the league
maintainer is more there to support you
like just like augmenting your ability
to give you back to everyone and I could
review for requests and to really like
just help grow the stability and
stability of a project like you should
not feel completely blocked by not
having a response of someone for
multiple weeks and yes like if he is not
available to continue assuming the role
of women trainer and like you can just
be the intervene really maintainer until
your response back and like when he gets
back if he is available again you can
can get the keys again its unpack
kicking out someone it just things have
to move on
cool alright no questions from me
anybody score poker I don't see any
hands let's go next hi guys
so I've been working on the quarter
retrospective and planning for the next
one I also went through some models on
lead maintainer now basically multi
hashing and multi thing I think and also
multi parts no solving organizing all
the work I did on large files it was a
bit of a mess with all the stuff I did
was basically a bunch of files of me
trying to learn Oh everything fits
together and now it's pretty much more
organized and I'm finishing up the CI
tests as a discussed with the vid to
make a full circle like adding Nemec
file on a demon and getting it on the
browser from that specific payment and
trying to make like a script that does
it all without human interaction that we
can deploy to a CI also the the full
review on the jsf siu we pay them I
don't know if it knows better but it's
doing the site I so I did both of you
trying to see if you anything is missing
and feel if we need anything more we
from the vid or anyone anybody else and
next I will be finishing the tests
publishing it so you guys can review it
and also work through the PRS in issues
from the multi I am multi parts and also
of course planning for the next course
we thank you yeah thank you so much for
us of jumping in to choose a different
scenario and we're doing because ice
I think I'm right now in the Booker
because there's a lot of copy that I
have to write and just like for giulio
illustrations so that's one of the
things I tend to do this week as soon as
possible on the CI desk or like large
files and by the way everyone when we
say large files I think I like hundreds
of gigs are you like just to be sure
like we are not necessarily adding those
tests as the test like we are not going
to have hundred gigs every single time
see is it separate it's complete it will
be a completely completely separate I'll
probably just make a new repo so you can
review it and then we'll figure out how
to integrate on Jenkins or whatever like
running it once a week or whatever one
question about the Jas ipfs IO we are
kind of blocks on the on the country
contributors module I think payroll is
like open initial on on the the
reprogram the thing because the basic
doesn't work right now I mean not
completely sure what's what's happening
but it's getting no response from the
issue and we are kind of singing are we
gonna use that or are we gonna try to
really build it or just about fixing it
so if you can go check the issue he
curated I'll send you a link or whatever
like it should like reveal it I don't
think there is necessary for that just
like the API getting out and then
filtering it but yeah like let's make it
work again because okay the other web
pages can also get yeah send me the
issue put on the stuff that people are
BOTS cool thank you any other questions
for Google okay let's go next batch cool
hello so last week I continued in a soup
we are basically I had
seconds precision the key parameter for
publish in the recursive parameter for
result in this context I also realize
the initial version of GSA business then
I also regarding ibanez also created a
fear for the IP and aspects and the
respects ripple there are some missing
points there I will try to write in this
way or in the following ones
then I created several fears for
changing the law - imports in some way
peer-to-peer modules I renamed yes with
peer-to-peer a link to the first field
boot straps and I also got some time for
thinking about the ok arts or early
peers beer for I'm not blocked in
anything and for the next week I want to
get a final PR Oxford IP NS working
locally for reviewing basically now I
need to fill I need to finish some
remaining optional parameters going
through the logging in errors refactored
finish some tests and at LRU cache and
then I will continue the IP n type in a
spec end up raising the Liberals Bureau
peers basically that cool so are there
interrupt us right now
I may do manually interrupt test because
as I don't have the routing right now I
don't know if I can have like a way to
communicate between them I think I think
maybe I can use the CTO but I didn't try
it yet yeah so the I understand the
grunts there it's actually because like
they will not exchange type in s record
but what you can do is like publishing
to ipfs and then like turn it off and
then I like spin the demon of just be
fest over there because people and I
could read that record like it should be
able to like so the the repo is also an
interrupt way it's not just a wire it's
also the repo and so if Jessica passes
writing a record like if I should be
able to read that
and yeah I try I tried like the manual
way copying the entire repo content from
one to another and it didn't work that
way but I will try with CTL yeah okay if
you could point me it's something that I
can review and give you help with it
should work the other thing is like
getting the names over pub/sub should
also actually be quite simple
given the I believe that both adding the
DHT and web stop will not be that
complicated I if I wrote the code some
somehow based in the goin comment - Jen
and I talked about several use cases of
the other crossings and probably I think
Adobe's yeah sounds good cool thank you
can I be honest work as a business cool
any questions for Vasco
okay so Yoko is X and I have to run to
open the door and I'll take 15 seconds
but I will continue listening I know
oh I'll follow up when I get back you
share idea what you can go well I just
I'm just saying because my my goals from
next weekend from another wooden rope I
just didn't know if there was going to
be some kind of like disco like but yeah
I've been working the web UI and
companion did a bunch of for quite some
time see the been a bunch of previous
two different words this week I'm going
to implement the page just just popping
in you can see there were so much it
sounds good so it seems like you already
pulled shift your focus to Mike in web
browsers work flash it's cool to get is
a bit here of course but like probably
now the right venue is on the web
browsers call that happens right before
the iPad moment
yeah I've been checking in there too
I just came here to just to talk so is
to make sure that I wasn't missing yeah
and I just said it like it is important
for these bits to be shared with just to
just to be clear light allows me to
venture West is my main focus is now on
the other because we were playing in the
work for this weekend
so I heard some background noise I know
everyone understand basically you go I
think you could just explain that like
he's not going to focus more on web
browsers and web UI rather than just at
the offense core and so these objectives
and key results will be more vocal cords
death working group work cool all right
thanks any questions for the ago I don't
see in hands let's go to car
hello last week I made a little poor
request to start the conversation about
speeding up some CLI tests and JSF BFS
most of them
just used one instance in a shared
library and I've made it reuse the ipfs
instance it's promising the tests all
work for me locally randomly fail
remotely and I'm still trying to work
out if that's a real problem or not I've
also got all the code mostly in place
for the bit swap ledger I'm kind of
waiting on a cascade of PRS now that
need to fault that start back in JSP ID
to change the to print output then only
to implement that in bit swap and I'm
going to tweak its output a little so
there's less co2 have to make in the
other three reposts so it's just kind of
feeding back what it provides other
trying to do this weird translation so
that's what I got done last week next is
hopefully finishing the bit swamp ledger
stuff and working on these CLI tests and
I'm also going to start looking into the
IPF bit swap re provide implementation
which if I can land that when when that
lands I mean obviously I'm gonna get it
that'll mean the implementation for ipfs
bit swap will be all green on the
implementation stuff
CLI HTTP and interface and that's me
thank you I can walk you very quickly on
the to print I'll do that dr. is called
thanks it was just a timing thing where
my PR worked and there was a hiccup and
that's in the in the tests and so the
reply was can you get the tests and I
reran them and they worked and now we're
just waiting on the merge sorry
got it cool just like a word of caution
because I can't like if that's what we
provide you will be able to implement
like the HTTP endpoint you will be able
to implement the commands you even will
be moments like just the function in
Jessica that's for but the full
functionality will never be complete
until the DHT exists because it's waabri
provide is basically like telling the
whole world hey I still haven't squawk
and so because did
not like by default on sensitive s like
the the full functionality expensing
hold the whole test will not to be
possible nevertheless that is out like
this like 80% of the work which is just
like wiring the things together Excel is
evpi core so that like when that final
step in b12 is done you can get the
right functionality out of it
sorry I was meted that last step is not
where the bulk of the work is maybe I'll
just skip ahead to something else cuz we
could just wait on the other to be
implemented because the hooking it up
and all the other repos in admin later
that's not worth a cart before the horse
on that one yeah yeah might be better
just like picking other end points to to
the water right now you're right cool
all right any questions for gar I don't
see ends okay next up we have Alex we
always ask you any more
or did I
oh my bad
Alex I'm so sorry like I thought you
were here but apparently you left and
then I didn't see that I have to click
except for you - Jenna call so you have
been waiting for 26 minutes so sorry
hope people have to watch it recording
because like that you just joined for
your website are you all ready yeah I
was out or in the background it was just
kind of noise but yeah so my our play is
so I've been doing lots of little bits
and pieces on this lots of little
libraries so that just makes debugging
stuff easier because trying to work out
like all the interrupts stop between go
and Jas is super painful so just trying
to like you know see what's going on
inside of these processes so that I've
what's been working on the NPM ipfs
project so kind of resurrected that I
found that you know everything has
changed since then this it was lost
written so updating it all trying to get
a test pass that's still ongoing I've
got some blockers in the yeah they're
trying to request data from from Co ipfs
and has some whaling coding that that
can trip up jsonparser so you kind of
get invalid data back so I've created a
PR on go that lets you specify please
give me this data in basics before or
whatever and that's kind of rolling
along but it's going to need to be
merged we can have really reliable tests
until either that or until we get a bag
API finish in Java because we can't make
the same queries that we can on go
yes that's mostly giving me so I'm gonna
be so house just drops his enormous
refactor of color interface chessboard
it's much better now obviously now I
need to refactor all my stuff as well so
I hope time when we finish that she got
sufficiently up Hydra later today before
I go home realizing mojama fests I've
got some outstanding intro tests
it's gonna try and get lazy as well and
then if there's any time left in the way
from me tonight thank you sorry for like
just wetting you wait couple of
questions so first is the subjective
objective objects API endpoint bug
related with the EMFs / and p.m. on ipfs
work like is it this method to make it
work or is this another words for the
it's really interrupt test for the
interrupt test for the open but for the
objective yeah not for or are you saying
for testing for the interrupts of EMFs
you use the object api jerk god I've
gotta go okay yeah I'll I'll try to
steal some of Stephen but as always like
things in the girl like might be merged
but then they take time to release and
they can go for weeks so if you find a
clever way to do it between the die a P
I and object API or some like if you if
you find a way to just like switch the
values like hours as you need them I
could do is him it might be the best way
so that you are not blocked for another
four weeks or something it's really yeah
so that's there and yeah it was just one
question or one point that's too cool
thank you so much any questions for Alex
from everyone all right we are right on
time I'll just ask one last question
which is actually to ask questions first
we have some people that didn't get to
speak so far like Matty Michael and
Travis do you guys want to you have any
question for the group any update if
you'd like sure
sure sure I can go so yeah I've been
getting all of the github archive data
in the ipfx I'm now at the point where
that graph actually builds um and what's
starting to build that's gonna take
forever but um I wrote up sort of what I
had to do to make the performance work
to build graphs the size so that's a
thread on JSF TFS that people might want
to check out if you're interested and
I'll continue to update that the kind of
next steps for that are talking to
improv about how we host in G and
starting to think also about how to
build up sort of a shadow graph for Map
Reduce
for like a store not produced to kind of
do queries on it anyway so that's that
project there's also just a couple
modules that might be interesting or
useful to people that I wrote while I
was waiting for that graph to build
nothing else to do so there's dead sea
board sink so they're just synchronous
serialization and deserialization for
stibor because their current
implementation is callback and which is
getting kind of annoying and then
there's one called dag see more links
which you can give it a dag see where no
didn't return you a generator they give
the pads and see ideas for every link in
the node and I wrote a quick draft that
or implementation of the UNIX FSB to
draft so that's also a repo that I can
post the link to so yeah it just takes
like any directory and recursively will
package it up and and return you an
async generator that has every block in
it and there's also a reader where you
give it a root node in it and how to get
blocks and then it will also serve up
the content what's it talking stuff
thank you so much so I know that a lot
of these links are shared on the tread
that you open a bottl B if you want to
put it on the notes for this call you're
also welcome to like you can just like
follow the template and I have all the
links on the Luca balance section any
questions for Michael with regards to
all the things he shared alright I know
some people here already interacted with
you over the issue cool thank you what
was up awesome stuff coming very quickly
that's good matchy and Travis you have
any other things - sure
sorry I completely missed the time
change thousand ten anyways last week I
opened up a an issue on the interface IP
fest core testing about ways we can go
through and help standardize some of the
testing to try to bring things in line
from some older tests your test that
builds off the work that Alan just did
to allow consumers of those tests you
kind of pick and choose how they what
you know what tests they want to run and
they want to skip things so if you have
any feedback on on test format or how we
should be writing tests in that
repository could take a look I know how
it's gonna kind of jump into it but if
anyone I want
anyone else wants to try some feedback
the more the better sounds good thank
you yeah if you could add these link
console to their notes I think it's a
good place for everyone to find it yeah
thank you for writing oh yeah yeah thank
you for doing that research and writing
all the notes down cool
any questions for Travis on this these
people already read through that issue
okay so I know you have the the going
today to it match if you have anything I
created PR on each year that adds the
module really required it basically just
checks if a dependency is defined in the
package Jason if it's required in the
source code cool Google so you're
checking if there we are inferring
dependency that we actually don't use
yes and DPR is still open for that okay
okay cool all right okay so I know yeah
four minutes over just like one last
question should we use and I just give
me thumbs up or thumbs up should we use
PayPal 40 sessions and like stress
that's it our like or more better dog
footed yes or no like do you want to use
peer pad do you feel confident that
people will serve as well
I see yes okay so even if it breaks
we'll have a lot of feedback both for
the top of your pad and for us as
developers of ideas cool okay next one
we'll start with a peer path and we will
figure out persistency after all right
thank you so much any last remarks does
everyone feel that they know what they
have to do this week of course there's a
lot of like okay are discussions
happening people are COI defining your
goals for this quarter but there's a lot
of issues open now I hope you pull
requests on the fly your own convinced
like excited ready all right cool sweep
to see you on interrupts thank you so
much for coming see you all here next
week bye everyone